this is a new world filming in a service
station at a charge point - can
definitely no no done it before today we
are coming at you with a literally whole
fam is here right now no fee in the back
so yeah we're doing a Q&A we're driving
at to London we're just charging it and
we thought what better time to film a
couple's Q now so Ashley guys on my
Instagram and got some really good
question I'm not gonna delete to the day
and I'll just do as many dependents
quite a lot of actually thank you so
much for sending a question if you did
if you could hit this video with a like
that I'd be very appreciated what you're
not what's something you argue device to
bat okay
cleaning yeah this is because Martha Bay
is in our first uh problems let's just
get a clean out which put everything in
a dishwasher in the evening it's
everything that's why right here wake up
burn is done
okay that's your perspective where's
that I prefer to just like clean as I go
I just find that a lot easier other than
that instead filled up but yeah we don't
argue at all really but when we do it is
always about cleaning or like something
ridiculous and then we just end up
laughing anything else does that with
their like friends or like boyfriends
but when you've got a mess rather and
then you end up just like I can't keep a
straight face Nkosi to Nathan oh you're
not making loud noises expression just
praying for their war know this is
mainly like a lot of fitness questions
just to ask question is how did you meet
so you slip into my the end I replied to
story full time how long have you been
together
and FZ is two six seven months when it
gets the three years that's gonna be
really weird either of you are pressured
by the other skills or work ethic or do
you motivate each other and we
definitely motivate each other when I'll
feel like not working or relaxing but I
take a day off you'll be running around
doing your stuff and then that'll
motivate me I would say it's kind of
Swing to vote for us definitely like if
it's so easy to like sort of balance of
each of it especially if you're like in
a productive mood or in a good mood in
general and then obviously the other way
like if you're not feeling as productive
it can be it can really rub off on each
other but actually actual question that
really answer's no I would say pressured
like a team as well icer skills that
leave your stuff yeah yeah we're really
different in terms of like our work so
we kind of like I would say really
bounce off each other doesn't it like in
a good way
what coffee machine do you guys use so
we use the Nespresso create sister it is
amazing we haven't had any problem with
it it's absolutely perfect you can use
like different runs of pods as well see
I really recommend that we have an
Americano black coffee knife at milky
drinks as well yeah it's got like a
proper machine as well okay next one
this question is for Olivia do you focus
on the number and the scales do you
fluctuate much never actually being so
obsessive over the scales thankfully and
I would always say like Java scales
they're so irrelevant like during my cut
my body composition changed a lot but
the scales really didn't drastically and
I would definitely say my weight
fluctuates
let's go of like how you feel in your
clothes and stuff like that I just think
don't get caught up because of so many
factors that come in to your scale
weight if you're focusing your on too
much just like take them out the
equation honestly is it hard when one
person is cutting and the other might be
broken etc for me yours
oh my god yes I start when I was I think
I was trying to put away 40 years ago
and you were trying to lose weight
ended up time for wait yeah I think it's
really difficult because actually you're
cooking like we eat the same meals and
stuff this year I started cutting before
you did really didn't only like and that
kind of like I feel like that's what it
gets you
yeah I feel like bottom I definitely
what was your first opinion of each
other oh thank you first
so my first opinion of Mason it was
probably I literally remember it like a
gesture you have you have this like hat
on it never wears a hat why don't you
ever don't ever reason why no and you
have these like gorgeous freckles and
you really lovely he can't really any
spent time don't you my first
impressions of you was saw you and I
thought wow she's beautiful and I put
your bike shine but think what they're
like two minutes at a time but you know
hopefully did a good job and make you
feel comfortable but you made that funk
weird
nothing happened by me so it was a good
first impression and I'm walking
obviously we wanted to see each other
again and again and again and again what
was your main motivation to start the
gym and healthy life stuff I've always
been in like pets to spore I stuff like
rugby first I actually went to a gym
that I think out if I was pole-vaulted
that was the first time I was in
Jerusalem to like a gym program then I
think rugby as well at the time and then
came more of a like a lifestyle going to
do every daily training yeah Liam so my
main motivation for starting the gym was
probably when I quit horse riding and I
was not as active as I was I didn't
really have like another hobby I would
say just change of lifestyle really and
then going to Union everything just
wanting to like get better and fitter
within myself now they're like how to
move me in everything and how do I start
dating what low calorie drinks
do you drink other than water I really
like Coke Zero I try to avoid other
drinks reefer it's all of the sweeteners
and stuff I don't really like pack loads
of coats yeah so I do have I try to
avoid them yeah we recommend them yeah
but I do have drinks um kombucha
sometime how do you deal with looking in
the mirror and not liking what you see
PS love you guys oh that's a question
yeah it's quite deep your worth is not
what you look like in the mirror the
energy and don't value yourself based on
but your appearance that love yourself
from with it yeah in my opinion if
you're constantly in that like mentality
of hating yourself and just going off
like parents say if you're going to the
gym to completely just work on your
appearance then you're never gonna find
your like happiness or balance because
you're always going to pick up something
so I think you've just got to have a
little word yourself and realize what
you body just be on a daily basis and
like love yourself in terms of
exercising and eating better that Chi
thing and just grow from there really
okay next question do you not even get a
takeaway once a week eat crisps sweets
chocolate how oh my god I eat chocolate
every single day hungry every day that
we reach over every day
I definitely more chocolate news II
don't know I don't really like sweets to
be honest I don't really eat sweets at
all way I love India and I don't have
them
no we've been cooking so I always take
away tonight yeah Indian is my absolute
favorite I don't eat pizza that often
that Pete's to take her out just find
that like really heavy on my stomach
never restrict anything so if you do get
tako once a week you've got to realize
that takeaway can ruin your whole
progress that whole week so say you were
trying to you know be any deficit
through some body fat and you yeah yeah
and then you just smash out like hit
10,000 calories a day just ruin the
whole progress that week so yeah just
factory right yeah do you like training
together oh yeah when we first met we
trained every session yeah yeah but now
because betraying at home I still like
it but it's just harder because but on a
whole like we went on a run together
this managing ruler what would your
ideal three cost me a look like start to
main dessert oh I'm really hungry right
now the same time amen okay so Papa
Don's
perfect Trey main chicken coma all out
or like on a creamsicle what are this
tonight now yeah we heard share aware or
definitely orders chicken corn were like
coconut we had one recent internet about
curries like a banana one sweetness on
offense earlier I had a Brazil nuts
banana we got some Taunus oh good
as maybe I don't know what really big on
dessert maybe our cheesecake understand
you know cheesecake but whereas I would
have a chocolate you know those both
volcano cakes like they're the bit the
explode you bit in the middle and also
like the out of it do you know when
someone is right for you I think he just
knowing you know like you're always true
to your gut instinct and you know good
feeling
nobody discontented whole no videos well
yeah time so when I met you it was hard
to I was like so I didn't think I'd find
someone so quickly and like that
especially at that age as well so it's
just bit weird like I guess you just
know comedy you just know a female I
feel like I always treat but just trust
your gut instinct like you know in
someone's here and someone doesn't sit
right with you hey next one what's been
your favorite thing to do in lockdown
other than exercising it oh we did have
a buck a week where we're sleeping
downstairs yeah that was basically on
Mason's birthday we made like a den
downstairs in the living room with all
like her bed sheets and stuff I put like
the fire on just made it all cozy and
just had like a movie night and ended up
sleeping down there for like the
following three nights it's like we ate
there did everything to talk like a
mattress topper downstairs and that was
really fun I've really recommend doing
that if you're like just wanting to mix
things up before and now we're going for
loads of like long walks and even just
speaking about Dale next question is it
impossible to consume extra protein
powder if weight training at home for
this one you don't need protein powder
at all if you've got like a high protein
diet and you're getting your proteins
from like your meat sources you like
chickens stuff like they feel vegan or
anything that your chickpeas and you
definitely don't need protein but it's
just like an added supplement that you
can add in select your morning breakfast
so just add some more protein in there
really but it's absolutely not necessary
it adds some flavor as well like I
absolutely love the cookies and cream
whey protein so yeah that's why I'm
about you
and yet what I really like as you know
back in the day bro science I used to
have a protein shake straight off my
works out workout
now I just have when I feel like I
haven't had enough protein in my diet or
to read that book that day some do you
do your homework outs for generally were
both like between 45 minutes to an hour
aren't we on so yeah how old do you bow
I'm 27 now I am 21 I turn 22 in
different ways at 2219 yes when before
how do you ever broken up and got back
together I would never well there was
that one time one time where we have an
argument
how are you in together that and always
that when we first married he lost like
a babe no Brendon
do you think getting along with your
partner's parents is important in a
relationship I think it helps but I
wouldn't say it's are absolutely
necessary help struggling to get would
like another person's parents I would
talk raft it with your partner and the
reason yeah try to figure out the reason
why but also understand that like
obviously you're with him or her not not
their parent into such Sarah yeah it's
like a massive deal and there's loads of
solutions round it have you learned
anything new about each other during the
lockdown yeah I'm like no we're more
similar why when you all quite similar
we just come out with like the exact
same things sometimes over filth we feel
the same ways about certain things or
yeah maybe cause we spending those are
the same last few questions next week
I've seen we've been talking for ages
how long were you in a relationship
before moving in together
we moved in together straight away to me
whatever maybe two weeks later a week
later I met her again
a week man within two weeks we were
living together wasn't ever
intentionally done like that I was
living in London at a time Mason was in
Manchester and it just kind of happened
and my son cannot hit I know that's been
so good she was sneezing in the back
what is Odette signs and do you believe
in astrology oh this is a really good
question young man with a baseball shoes
well my mom is really interesting it may
really started it all looked into it
much but I did once have a tarot deck
going to do astrology but I used to like
doing that I really like it so I'm a
cancer I do have some similarities like
to my staff son for absolute sure
Mason's a Gemini but I wouldn't actually
say so like generalizer if you're into
your like asteroids or ever vase they're
supposed to have like two really strong
different personalities and I wouldn't
actually say and have that many like
similarities or like maybe so maybe you
should yeah but I need you now oh maybe
not I don't know I really want to learn
more about like stars lines - for
material handling this video and buried
and we've talked my voice is actually
bit sore from that thank you
and we've got to get Musa but I really
hope you enjoyed this video and I even
know if you'd want some more like cook
or what videos they're really really fun
to do yes if you haven't already don't
forget to hit that subscribe button and
like and we will see
in the next video peace